This car needs absolutely a new body!
Dear friends of Edge RC welcome back!
this week we will teach you how to make a more than perfect car body
and we do this with the pro-pilot Luca Capolongo, who's gonna explain us his pro tips!
That's right Jacopo! This week infact we are preparing a Montech body for a 1/10 touring car
This one here is a Nazda 6 3.0
a 0.6mm lexan 190mm touring car body
let's go with the cutting!
Cut all the lexan around the body
start cutting the proper body, keeping the cut along the lines molded on under the doors
In touring car bodies you have generally two lines. You have to cut the higher one
let's cut the rear bumper with a curved scissor
Once the body is cut, take the car
and apply four wingnuts on the wheels
This will perfectly center the body on the model
sign the body post horns with a pen
now we are reaming the holes in the front of the body
A little tip is to make a sign on the reamer so that you will drill holes of the same diameter, and also to know where to stop
mount the body on the front horns
and check the rear is aligned
sign the position of the rear horns
when you have drilled an mounted the body, let's check the height is right
with the pen we can sketch the circumference of the wheel
we know about the diameter, so we can point the circular cutter
to cut perfectly the wheel
the body is now ready
so let's go with the rear wing
repeat the cutting operations
everything is ready, we have just to paint it!
before painting, it's necessary to sand the inner side of the body with a fine sandpaper or a sponge
then, clean it with some alcohol
apply the masking films
we can now paint it!
if you are good with the aeropencil, you can have fun with it to create your personal color schemes
we are noobs, so we are going with a single color
once the paint is dried, remove the maskings
and remove the protective film from outside
we have now a wonderful, sparkling and brand new car body!
It's all for this week people, I hope we gave you some inspiration
see you in a week time with a new video by Edge RC. Don't miss!